Goodbye!
Don't you go?
Don't laugh at me.
Chen Jing
What are you doing here?
I thought I would never find you again
I dreamed that I was dead
No, what happened last night
Thank you. I'm very touched if you can do it.
The villa has a secret passage
Only you go first
Liu Ming people won't notice me
So I'm just a fear you should leave out
Then why are you here now?
What do you mean?
You used to be my woman too
Breaking up requires face-to-face
That's a billion.
Hope you are satisfied
Who am I feeling sorry for?
Yes, the rubles have been given to you these days, and you dare to come to the company?
I owe you to my company
Hey, don't be angry.
I'll pay you how much you threw this thing away.
I've been with the company for so many years
That's how you treat me
Yes, I also listened to you and bought a lot of Rob.
Now it's a big loss.
Why don't you hurry up and let someone collect the TV station for a while?
Minister Lu
Hmm, high-frequency trading in the international market is now crazy about grabbing Xiaoxu?
Don't panic, wait a minute
What a pity!